# Disclaimer

### (Last updated: April 2021)

CowSwap is a graphical user interface for the decentralized peer-to-peer protocol Gnosis Protocol version 2 (hereinafter “Gnosis Protocol”) that people can use to create liquidity and trade ERC-20 tokens. Gnosis Protocol is made up of free, public, open-source or source-available software including a set of smart contracts that are deployed on the Ethereum Blockchain. Your use of Gnosis Protocol involves various risks, including, but not limited to, losses while tokens are being supplied to Gnosis Protocol and losses due to the fluctuation of prices of tokens in a trading pair or liquidity pool. Before using CowSwap, you should review the relevant documentation to make sure you understand how Gnosis Protocol works. CowSwap does not have access to your private key and cannot initiate a transfer or otherwise access your tokens. We are not your brokers, intermediaries, agents, advisors, or custodians, and we do not have a fiduciary relationship or obligation to you regarding any other decisions or activities that you effect when using your wallet or a CowSwap graphical user interface.

**COWSWAP IS PROVIDED ”AS IS”, AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND**. Although Gnosis Limited and it’s affiliated persons and entities ( ”Gnosis” ) developed much of the initial code, it does not provide, own, or control Gnosis Protocol, which is run by smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum Blockchain. No developer or entity involved in creating Gnosis Protocol or CowSwap will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of Gnosis Protocol, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or loss of profits, tokens, or anything else of value.
