<h2>What is Curve DAO (CRV)?</h2>
<p>As smooth as a gentle countryside walk, Curve DAO (CRV) is a decentralized exchange (DEX) that uses an Automated Market Maker (AMM) system, with a unique focus on swapping between stablecoin assets intended to hold the same value. Imagine a herd of cows, all similar, but each one with its unique traits. This ingenious feature is particularly beneficial within the decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem, where wrapped and synthetic tokens aim to mimic the price of the real underlying assets, like two sides of the same cowbell. One of Curve's standout features is its support for yield-bearing tokens, creating a potential triple yield source for liquidity providers.</p>

<p>Launched in January 2020, Curve quickly became a staple in the DeFi world and witnessed significant growth later that year. In August 2020, Curve formed its own <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decentralized_autonomous_organization" rel="nofollow noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO)</a>, introducing CRV as its native token. This innovative DAO uses an Ethereum-based creation tool, Aragon, to connect multiple smart contracts used for users' deposited liquidity. However, just like every cow has its spots, Curve's governance differs from Aragon in several ways.</p>

<p>Curve is a brainchild of Michael Egorov, a Russian scientist with extensive cryptocurrency experience. The launch of Curve's DAO and CRV token brought a new profitability path, with CRV used for governance, awarded to users based on liquidity commitment and length of ownership. To date, Curve continues to cater to DeFi enthusiasts, offering opportunities in yield farming, liquidity mining, and low-risk returns for stablecoin holders. The platform sustains itself by charging a modest fee paid to liquidity providers, creating a win-win pasture for all parties involved.</p>

<h3>Where can you swap or trade Curve DAO (CRV)?</h3>
<p>For those looking to join the herd, CRV tokens can be swapped or traded on <a href="https://swap.cow.fi/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">CoW Swap</a>, a Meta DEX aggregator offering a friendly and efficient trading interface. CoW Swap allows for gasless orders settled peer-to-peer or into any on-chain liquidity source while providing <a href="https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/mev/" rel="nofollow noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">MEV protection</a>. It essentially operates as a DexAggregator of DexAggregators, aggregating trades from a variety of on-chain liquidity sources. So why not mosey on over to CoW Swap and experience the seamless trading process in the DeFi space? Moo!</p>
