<h2>What is Liquity USD (LUSD)?</h2>
<p>Moo! Welcome to the world of <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stablecoin" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener noreferrer">stablecoins</a> and say hello to Liquity USD (LUSD)! LUSD is a unique, fully redeemable, USD-pegged stablecoin issued by the <a href="https://www.liquity.org/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener noreferrer">Liquity Protocol</a>. In this decentralized borrowing universe, you can draw 0% interest loans using Ether as collateral, receiving your loans in LUSD. To keep things stable and secure, these loans need to maintain a minimum collateral ratio of only 110%. But worry not, these loans are not only backed by collateral but also by a Stability Pool filled with LUSD and collective guarantees provided by fellow borrowers. Impressive, isn't it?</p>

<p>Delving deeper into the pasture, Liquity protocol stands as a remarkable decentralized protocol that presents interest-free loans, which are secured by Ether collateral. The assurance of the loans is upheld by Liquity's innovative Stability Pool brimming with LUSD and borrowers acting as the last-resort guarantors for any remaining debt. Simply put, the Liquity Protocol has revolutionized the decentralized borrowing field by offering a capital-efficient method to borrow stablecoins, all in a non-custodial, immutable, and governance-free manner.</p>

<p>What makes LUSD truly stand out in the herd? Well, it's the fact that the Liquity protocol allows users to lock up their Ether, borrow against it to draw out LUSD, and even repay this loan at a later date. Moreover, you can also use LUSD as collateral to borrow Ether, sell it on the open market, and buy more Ether - a cyclic process that can be repeated multiple times. A stablecoin with such dynamism and flexibility is indeed a rarity in the cryptocurrency pastures!</p>

<h3>Where can you swap or trade Liquity USD (LUSD)?</h3>
<p>Now that you've got a taste of the grassy plains of LUSD, you might be wondering, "Where can I get my hooves on some?" Well, you're in luck! You can swap or trade LUSD at the one and only <a href="https://swap.cow.fi/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">CoW Swap</a>. As a Meta DEX aggregator, CoW Swap offers gasless orders that are settled peer-to-peer or into any on-chain liquidity source. It aggregates all the DEXes where LUSD is swapable and, to top it all off, provides MEV (Maximal Extractable Value) protection. So saddle up, prepare for a smooth ride, and get ready to dive into the world of LUSD with CoW Swap!</p>
